good afternoon ladies and gentlemen my
name is Curtis with tobik I'm from
Fullerton Nebraska and I'll be
contestant number six my first item is
an over-the-shoulder carrying bag
organizer it is leather and has 16
compartments and here we go and up about
the 100 that are to give it at one point
a bit of pipe and a bit about a 10
better to give it a 10 for pain and in
mind here nepeta bit of 15 priority and
right here 15 20 25 30 player now 535
about the $40 table bit above 50 and not
about 250 pine pine but about a 60 I
don't know 60 to the bedevi peopIe I'm
here getting bit on 60 50 pounds right
here get about 65 55 put a 6-day that
idea but about to find 75 70 doesn't
even to see him and another 65 here 70
over here
hey gotta balance if indeed I don't even
say another 7 another they get about 170
to be in 72 million 60 PI over 270
separated on the bill 70 on the bill
anybody got to be the big another 70
little bit over to 70 we're all here now
down about a 70 sold 65 right here by
number 175 $60 thank you my next item is
a 4-pack of frosted glass photo coasters
they're polished and you can look at
your family while you're taking a drink
and here we go and up it above 100
another D about the point one a bit of
1.5 hand a bit about the Fontana 10
pertain a bit a bit of a theme that Rd a
bit of a pain a bit a bit of 15 25 15
rides you get about 20 over here
inevitable to 20 30 bit of 20 but a 17
and a half and now $20 T better 20
thought about of 17 have for any bit of
two and a half 20 bite here dear but if
you went a bit over to 22 and 22 and a
bit of 2002 and half where and a 5 and
25 7 about a 27 27 727 1/2 20 plans are
negative and 7 I have it about a 27 to
30 where 30 right here now - my hands
are you doing have it already you're out
of here's are you doing up at the pint
by 32 and have it to five and thirty two
and five players are you doing up at the
final 32 and about to 5:30 to enhance
right here get a bit on 5 over here in a
bit of a defined by 32 and about the 532
and have it about the final hand all
done a 35 to 35 so 32 and a half by
number 4 9 5 32 and a half dollars thank
you once again my my name is Curtis
Petrovic I'm for forward to Nebraska and
and contestant number 6